This is the README file for the fosdem-schedule distribution.  

  Copyright (C) 2010 Ixonos Plc. 

  Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
  are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
  notice and this notice are preserved.

fosdem-schedule is an application written in Qt, which makes the FOSDEM
conference schedule available offline.  It displays the conference schedule
from various views, support searches on various items (speaker, speech topic,
location, etc.) and enables you to select favorite events and create your own
schedule.  For Nokia N810 and N900.

See the file ./INSTALL for building and installation instructions.

Primary distribution point: http://sourceforge.net/projects/fosdem-maemo/

Home page: http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/fosdem-maemo/

Mailing list: fosdem-maemo-devel@lists.sourceforge.net
- please use this list for all discussion: bug reports, enhancements, etc.
- archived at: http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum_name=fosdem-maemo-devel
- anyone is welcome to join the list; to do so, visit
  https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/fosdem-maemo-devel

Bug reports:
 Please include enough information for the maintainers to reproduce the
 problem.  Generally speaking, that means:
- the contents of any input files necessary to reproduce the bug
  and command line invocations of the program(s) involved (crucial!).
- a description of the problem and any samples of the erroneous output.
- the version number of the program(s) involved (use --version).
- hardware, operating system, and compiler versions (uname -a).
- anything else that you think would be helpful.

Patches are most welcome; if possible, please make them with diff -c and
include ChangeLog entries.

fosdem-schedule is free software.  See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

About FOSDEM 2010:

The tenth FOSDEM is a two-day event organized by volunteers to promote the
widespread use of Free and Open Source software.  Taking place in the beautiful
city of Brussels (Belgium), FOSDEM meetings are recognized as "The best Free
Software and Open Source events in Europe".

FOSDEM name and FOSDEM brain icon are Trademarks of FOSDEM ASBL, which gave
this project the rights to use the brain icon and name.  Copying and
distribution of the FOSDEM brain icon must follow the Creative Commons
Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 2.0 Belgium License.